Add ECCOMAS Coupled 2025 in events (#465)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/community/eccomas-coupled-2025.md

---
title: ECCOMAS Coupled Problems 2025
keywords: 2025, ECCOMAS, COUPLED, event, events, minisymposium
summary:
permalink: eccomas-coupled-2025.html
toc: false
---

The [ECCOMAS Coupled Problems 2025](https://coupled2025.cimne.com/) will take place on Sardinia, Italy from May 26 to 29.

We are again organizing a preCICE minisymposium: [Multi-Physics and Multi-Scale Simulations with the Coupling Library preCICE](https://coupled2025.cimne.com/event/area/3dec3ef1-70ff-11ef-bbc6-000c29ddfc0c) (IS042).

> Feel free to ask questions in the [corresponding thread of the forum](TODO) (link pending).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to ask questions in the [corresponding thread of the forum](https://precice.discourse.group/t/call-for-contributions-eccomas-coupled-problems-2025/2197).
```
